[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Good morning, and
welcome to breakfast.
This is a fantastic breakfast
that is packed full of plants.
It's just extraordinary.
I'm going to call is the
Green Breakfast of Glory.
So first of all, we want to
cut up all our vegetables.
So I've got a really
nice zucchini here.
That's just gorgeous.
Now, I don't want to cut
too fat, because I want
this to cook really quickly.
So just what I've done is
I've cut it into fours,
as you can see, and I'm
just running my knife
through like this.
It's a good way to get
those exact cuts here,
by just cutting your zucchini
like that, and then like that.
Awesome.
Now, I've got some
mushrooms, and they're
about the same thickness as
well as this which is good.
That's what you want.
You want it to be about
the same thickness.
OK.
I've got some leek here.
A little leak, it's
actually funny.
This is just a very
sweet, sweet flavor
instead of using
onion or garlic,
especially in the
morning, not that there's
anything wrong with that.
We have used that
throughout the recipe,
but this is just a
sweet, sweet flavor that
adds to this amazing breakfast.
It truly is a green
breakfast of glory.
So I'm just slicing
this up nice and thin.
Leeks add such a beautiful
flavor to things.
They're just incredible,
and they are really sweet,
and I like to use the whole
leek from the green part
to the bottom.
Now, if have quite
a large leek that's
about that fat about that long,
just cut it in half long ways,
and then in quarter,
and then just use
the quarter of that leek,
and then that's enough.
OK.
I've got some spinach here,
some beautiful fresh spinach.
Just chop that off roughly like
this, put that to the side.
What else do we have?
We have some spring onions
which is just gorgeous.
This is going to add that
extra sweetness as well.
God, I love food.
I really love food.
It's just incredible.
So these are really
little spring onions.
So you want about three
spring onions to this recipe,
and half a bunch of
baby spinach is awesome.
So I'm just going to
cut those roots off.
So that's done.
All right.
Now, we're ready.
We need our eggs.
Have a look over here.
This is really cool.
See how my eggs have
come to me today?
Look at this.
It's just beautiful.
Instead of buying them in
the plastic or the cardboard,
this is how we got them today.
My girlfriend, [? Marley, ?]
went and picked these up
from the organic supplier today,
and this is how she got them.
She brought them back
in a bag full of paper.
It's extraordinary, isn't it?
I'm just surrounded by goodness.
OK, back to the recipe.
Let's turn this on.
Let's get our eggs ready.
So we'll just pop this on,
so our pan's ready to go.
Get that nice and
hot too, not too hot.
But just we want that
oil to go in there,
and we want this to sizzle
a little bit, but not burn.
All right, I need my eggs.
And a little splash of water,
just about a tablespoon
of water, just a
little bit more.
So I've got three
beautiful eggs.
Now, if these eggs were
really, really small,
I'd add another one.
Look at all these vegetables
compared to how much egg.
This is the classic--
this is such a great dish.
Oh, I'm so excited
to show you this.
I've got some olive oil, just
going to I put that in there.
OK.
Let's cook.
Look at all this.
Yeah, a little bit of a sizzle.
That olive oil is
just going to make
that really flavorsome as well.
OK, salt and pepper, for sure,
the building blocks of flavor.
Wooden spoon, and
we just want to--
we just want to
cook this way down
before we add that spinach.
Now, see how I'm moving the pan?
What it does, so the heat
is directly under this pan,
and when I move the pan, I
move the vegetables as well.
See that?
It's a really good tip.
You can use a wooden
spoon as well,
and you can definitely go
the flip, if you want to.
The flavors are really
starting to come through.
This is when you taste
what's on your spoon
to see if you've got enough
pepper and salt. Mm, delicious.
The sweetness, ah, god, the
sweetness of those leeks,
they're just sublime.
And cutting that zucchini
up, remember this, make it
the same size as the
mushrooms, and they're really
watering vegetables, so
they cook really fast.
Imagine this for breakfast,
zucchini for breakfast.
It's that good.
OK.
Now, my spinach, big handful
of spinach, look at this.
It's just amazing how this
is just going to break down.
Just getting that heat,
just to wilt all this down,
this is in a matter of minutes.
It really is.
You've seen how fast I've gone.
Probably the chopping that I'm
quick at, because I'm a chef,
but this is just out of
my control, this cooking.
It's just cooking as
it is, and it's really
literally taking minutes.
I want that spinach to
completely break down,
which it is nicely.
Look at this.
Now, you're welcome to put chili
in there, if you want to, just
for that little bit of heat.
OK.
Now, we're on.
I'm going to add just
a little bit more fat.
Fat makes flavor,
so a little bit more
olive oil, just a little,
just a little tiny drizzle.
See, it's not a
lot, just a little.
Beautiful, and then, I'm
going to add my eggs.
Covering all that.
Now, if your eggs are small,
add more, add another egg.
OK, I want a lid on
this for a minute.
I'm going to turn
it down to low,
and I'm just going to wait.
I reckon probably not
even a minute and a half,
let's see what happens.
Because the steam will just
cook the surface of that.
So the bottom, this
is heat here coming
from this flame which
is cooking the bottom,
and now I'm just going to
cook the top by steaming that.
So any moisture that
comes up through there,
especially for those
watery vegetables,
is going to create
this steam, and it's
going to cook the top as well.
I'm excited.
I'm going to clean up.
Let's have a look
where we're at here.
It's been about 10 seconds.
I just walked away and
wiped down my bench.
The main thing is I don't want
the bottom to cook and burn.
I want the bottom to
cook, but I don't want
it to burn, so just be mindful.
That's looking exceptional.
I'm very excited.
Let's take that
away from the pan.
I used to make these for my
friend, Tyler [? Tallman, ?]
nearly maybe three times a week.
And he used to
always say to people,
Cynthia makes these
amazing breakfasts,
and vegetables seem
to stick together
with this small amount
of eggs which is true.
They just happen that way.
It just happens.
I don't know how it happens.
See that water that's
coming off that?
I'm going to put
that back in there,
because it creates steam.
Really low heat on the
bottom, it's not burning.
I can smell that.
It's smelling sweet and lovely,
really is sweet and lovely.
It's the leeks that
make this so sweet.
Have another look.
Nearly done, I'm going
to turn this off.
I'm going to grab a plate.
Give this another 10 seconds.
I just want to
show you something.
I'm turning it back on to give
you a little bit of an idea,
if you're finding the top
of it's not cooking as quick
as the bottom.
Is you get a little
bit of water,
and you turn your
heat up really high.
OK?
This is throughout
the cooking process,
and I'm going to get
a little bit of water.
And I'm just going to put a
little bit of water there,
and that's going to
create some steam.
And then I'm going to
turn that off, and let
that steam come
through, and that'll
cook that surface of the egg.
Really good tip instead of
adding more oil, more oil.
A lot of people do that with
stir fries as well is adding
that little bit of water,
just creates that steam,
and that's really
cooking the top now.
See that?
Good tip, it's ready
to be served up.
I'm so happy with this.
OK, my pan's quite
a deep pan, some
of those little chef-y moments.
How the hell am I going
to get this out actually?
Wow.
Ah, yeah.
I know, right?
Now, to top it off, I just
want a little bit of tomato.
I have a really
nice, ripe tomato.
I just tipped that over,
because I couldn't get it
out which is awesome.
At all it all holds together.
Look at it.
It's all holding together,
and I'm actually glad.
Because it just shows
you what the bottom looks
like, and that's what you want.
You don't want it to burn.
I love mistakes.
Well, it's not really a
mistake, really, is it?
It's just the wrong pan,
and it wasn't in the end.
Oh, I love it.
So I just want a bit of
tomato, just like that.
I'm going to salt and pepper
this tomato, really important,
mix that through,
just like this,
and then I want sprouts
on there as well.
There we go.
That gives you a
really great idea
of how to amp up your plant--
I'm so into this-- how to amp
up your plant in the morning.
How to get more living plants
into your diet, and this
is the most quickest,
easiest breakfast
that you can ever make
that has a full flavor.
And trust me, you
follow that process,
and you'll get that
flavor through.
And we only cooked that
for, what, like two minutes
sauteing the vegetable through,
and then the eggs on top.
And adding that bit of
steam to make the top cook
without the bottom
getting burnt.
I just need to try some.
Look at how that's really
held well together.
Wow, it's amazing.
God, I love food so much.
Mm, OK.
That is good.
It's really good.
That could be for
lunch or even a snack.
The amount of plant
that's in there,
you saw what was on here.
Oh, I'm so happy.
OK, goodbye.
Enjoy.
Good morning.
Enjoy your day.
>> You ready?
Are you ready?
(SINGING) Welcome to my kitchen.
My voice, my voice, my
voice, my voice, my voice.
It's a salad.
Ah.
That indicates--
hang on a minute.
The phone's ringing.
[INAUDIBLE]